what's going on guys I have the moment
you've all been waiting for in the outs
are rising DLC the AL SAR versus Alice
are boss fight and that is at the end of
the second level in this DLC the second
level dedicated is DLC after you go to
the plains of keroth you will come back
to this mate the castle from 30 load 1/5
of the castle like normal and when you
get to the room with the elevator where
you would normally go up to the god-king
you will find outs are standing on a
pile of bodies and you argue with them a
little bit and then eventually you get
to it everyone's wondered to do ever
since they heard about this update is
fight outs are as SR and that's what I
did I wore the outs are the vile get up
and everything and equip some potions um
so yeah very very cool and really really
enjoying this update I've barely begun
to scratch the surface I've played a
little bit of deathless mode I've mainly
been focusing on the actual outside of
the vial plotline and my final I got
this ball sight for you guys really
really fun really enjoying it and a
great job chair this is by far I mean
there's only been one other content pack
from 2:30 by 3 but this is by far my far
my favorite one and it's just awesome
fighting else are as outs are and I'm
really judged awesome I mean it felt
awesome especially because I was dressed
up as a Tsar and I recommend you guys
try this as well maybe even get the full
getup with his um the VAIO blade in the
vial shield as well actually what I did
has a vowel show that equipped although
you can't see it because I'm using dual
but definitely one of my favorite
updates in the Infinity Blade universe
um my favorite one from Finnegan was
death was Kings ever owned from Anthony
bid to with Skye cages right now this is
my favorite one from 30 blade 3 so I
don't know I don't know was it my
favorite overall I have not even
finished begin begun to explore this one
so I'll have to see but so far it's very
very promising and already far and above
a soul Hunter so yeah I haven't even
like I haven't even gotten the Infinity
Blade for ESA yet here it's called the
infinity edge
and I will pick picky be picking that up
soon but yeah like I said I've been
focusing on this really glad that we got
to place our suspicions because fighting
outs are a Z so it would just been
stupid but yeah you can see he's not
that hard he did give me a couple times
but it wasn't too bad and you can see I
get him here but yeah so else are the
vile killed by Cyrus the I don't know
Cyrus the unveil and he's dead and
there's a cool little cutscene after
this and he like tries to get bitch him
he's like I have secrets guys you don't
want to kill me I got secrets and so but
so luckily Cyrus is a smart guy
and even though house where the vial is
a very cool character and quite frankly
he is just awesome
but Cyrus does kill him because in the
end he is evil and evil needs to die and
so he grabs them pulls him into the pit
which doesn't even do anything because
Cyrus is deathless so confused but yeah
that was weird huh but yeah so that's
Cyrus or else our be SSR thank you guys
for watching or a Cyrus for his sr
however you want to put it but yeah
thank guys for watching I am samurai and
I'll bring you more videos soon I'm out